README.md, before:

# The Two Bananas Game
Welcome to The Two Bananas Game! This is a fun, multi-level, two-player game where you compete in various mini-games. Here's everything you need to know to get started.

## Overview
In The Two Bananas Game, you and a friend will face off in a series of mini-games. Each game is different, offering unique challenges and objectives. The first player to win each game will advance to the next level until the ultimate winner is determined.

## Controls
### Player 1 (PC)
- Move Up: W
- Move Left: A
- Move Down: S
- Move Right: D
### Player 2 (PC)
- Move Up: I
- Move Left: J
- Move Down: K
- Move Right: L

Console players play with device between them. They play facing each other unless if you choose to play as PC in which one player takes the right controls while the other player takes left controls. 

## Mini-Games
1. Soccer Game
    - Objective: Score a goal by getting the soccer ball into the opponent's goal.
    - Win Condition: The first player to score wins the round.
2. Sumo Game
    - Objective: Push your opponent out of the sumo ring.
    - Win Condition: The first player to push their opponent out of the ring wins.
3. Basketball Game
    - Objective: Score a basket by getting the basketball into the opponent's basket.
    - Win Condition: The first player to score wins the round.
4. The Race
    - Objective: Navigate through the obstacles and reach the finish line first.
    - Win Condition: The first player to reach the finish line wins.
5. Hot Lava
    - Objective: Avoid the lava tiles.
    - Win Condition: The  player to not die wins.
## Menu Navigation
- Play on PC: Start the game with PC controls.
- Play on Console: Start the game with console controls.
- Help: View the help menu for additional guidance.

## How to play (PC Edition)
- Head on over to the gallery -> https://sprig.hackclub.com/gallery
- Search up `The Two Bananas Game` on there.
- Have a fun time!

## How to play (Console Edition)
- Download the game and upload it to your console
- More detailed instructions coming soon!

## Additional Information
- The game features music tracks that play continuously during gameplay.
- Levels transition automatically after a win, with a short delay to display the winner.
- If you are in the menu, use the controls to navigate and select your options.
- The game starts in the main menu. Use the navigation keys to select an option and start playing.
- Enjoy the Game!


## Have fun competing in The Two Bananas Game!  May the best banana win!

Commit message:

score system
made a new score system. it tracks the score and displays at end of game. this is also connected to the game's javascript meaning it can reset the scores when you restart the game

README.md, after:

# The Two Bananas Game
Welcome to The Two Bananas Game! This is a fun, multi-level, two-player game where you compete in various mini-games. Here's everything you need to know to get started.

## Overview
In The Two Bananas Game, you and a friend will face off in a series of mini-games. Each game is different, offering unique challenges and objectives. The first player to win each game will advance to the next level until the ultimate winner is determined.

## Controls
### Player 1 (PC)
- Move Up: W
- Move Left: A
- Move Down: S
- Move Right: D
### Player 2 (PC)
- Move Up: I
- Move Left: J
- Move Down: K
- Move Right: L

Console players play with device between them. They play facing each other unless if you choose to play as PC in which one player takes the right controls while the other player takes left controls. 

## Mini-Games
1. Soccer Game
    - Objective: Score a goal by getting the soccer ball into the opponent's goal.
    - Win Condition: The first player to score wins the round.
2. Sumo Game
    - Objective: Push your opponent out of the sumo ring.
    - Win Condition: The first player to push their opponent out of the ring wins.
3. Basketball Game
    - Objective: Score a basket by getting the basketball into the opponent's basket.
    - Win Condition: The first player to score wins the round.
4. The Race
    - Objective: Navigate through the obstacles and reach the finish line first.
    - Win Condition: The first player to reach the finish line wins.
5. Hot Lava
    - Objective: Avoid the lava tiles.
    - Win Condition: The  player to not die wins.
## Menu Navigation
- Play on PC: Start the game with PC controls.
- Play on Console: Start the game with console controls.
- Help: View the help menu for additional guidance.

## How to play (PC Edition)
- Head on over to the gallery -> https://sprig.hackclub.com/gallery
- Search up `The Two Bananas Game` on there.
- Have a fun time!

## How to play (Console Edition)
- Download the game and upload it to your console
- More detailed instructions coming soon!

## Additional Information
- The game features music tracks that play continuously during gameplay.
- Levels transition automatically after a win, with a short delay to display the winner.
- If you are in the menu, use the controls to navigate and select your options.
- This game features a score system which you can see the results at the end of the game!
- The game starts in the main menu. Use the navigation keys to select an option and start playing.
- Enjoy the Game!


## Have fun competing in The Two Bananas Game!  May the best banana win!
